  Holiday Lighting Installation
Home
 
Lighting Options
 
Areas We Serve
 
About
 
FAQs
 
CUSTOM QUOTE
Residential Holiday Lighting

Christmas Light Installation
Adding Christmas lights this holiday season can transform not only YOUR home, but the neighborhood. This holiday season, trust this job to the professionals at Hang Lights to get the design you want without the time and effort.
At Hang Lights, we specialize in residential holiday lighting design, installation, maintenance, and removal at the end of the season.
Scroll down to see what we offer and the different packages that are available to you. Let us help you make this holiday season one to remember.
Holiday Lighting Options

ROOFLINE LIGHTING

SHRUB LIGHTING

TREE LIGHTING

GREENERY

ROOFLINE LIGHTING
Our most popular residential service, C9 LED light bulbs.
Most popular colors are: warm white, red/pure white, multicolor, pure white.
We also do Ridge Lighting that really outlines the entire home
Residential Lighting Past Projects
PAST PROJECT: $980


Cozy Christmas
Front roofline lighting with C9 LED bulbs.
Custom Quote
PAST PROJECT: $1,880


Holiday Enchantment
Front roofline with C9 bulbs, pre-lit warm white wreath, wrapped columns with 5mm mini lights 6” spacing.
Custom Quote
PAST PROJECT: $3,350


Wreath & Roof Radiance
Front roofline, ridges, pre-lit wreath (with bow), shrubs, ground lighting.
Custom Quote
Holiday Lighting Inspiration
Benefits of Hiring Hang Lights

Safety
Installing Christmas lights can be dangerous, involving ladders, heights, and electricity. We’re trained to get your home lit safely and efficiently.

Quality Materials
We use high-quality LED lighting and materials that are more durable than consumer-grade products. Your home will look great all season long.

Time-Saving
Hang Lights saves you time and effort. Focus on preparing for the holidays, not climbing ladders and untangling last-years lights.

Maintenance
What if a bulb goes out during the holiday season – do you want to climb on the roof to find the issue? No need – maintenance is included in all our packages.

Storage
Hang Lights leases you the lights for the season and then stores them in January. This saves you space and ensures your lights are kept in good condition for next season.

Stress-Reduction
With Hang Lights handling the installation, maintenance, and takedown, you can enjoy a hassle-free holiday.
Estimated Cost of Holiday Lighting
The cost of holiday lighting depends on which options you choose. At Hang Lights, our minimum package costs $800 but can be over $2,000 depending on the types of lights and where they are installed.
The best thing to do is request a quote – Tyler will be able to provide you a customized quote based on the size of your home and which trees and shrubs will be lighted.
Custom Quote
Happy Homeowners
Tyler was so professional and respectful. They did a phenomenal job on our holiday lights. I could not be happier!
Karis S.
Happy Customer
Wow!! These guys were great! Super professional set up from the estimate to the quick installation. Our house looks amazing and ready for Christmas! Highly recommended!!
Carolyn A.
Happy Customer
Great communication from first contact and a fantastic, quick job! The tree turned out very well. I will use them next year!
Jeanne S.
Happy Customer
Providing Holiday Lighting In These Areas

Madison Area

Mequon & Cedarburg, WI

Whitefish Bay, WI

Oconomowoc, WI

Delafield, WI

Pewaukee, WI

Menomonee Falls, WI

Waukesha, WI

Brookfield, WI
Request A Custom Quote Today!
Custom Quote

Contact Info
(262) 444-0911
info@hanglights.com

Mon-Sat 8am – 7pm
Company
Terms
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Quick Links
Holiday Lighting Design
Areas We Serve
Custom Quote
FAQs
© Hang Lights | Designed by Deacon Design Studios